c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe.config
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Form1.resources
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.exe
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.EmployeeUC.resources
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Admin.resources
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.PricesUC.resources
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ShowUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.AddUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.DeleteUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.User.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.TakeoverUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe.config
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.AddUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.DeleteUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.EmployeeUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Admin.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.PricesUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ShowUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.User.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe.config
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.AddUC.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.DeleteUC.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.EmployeeUC.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Admin.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.PricesUC.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ShowUC.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.User.resources
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ajla\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Forms.takeover.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe.config
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Forms.takeover.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.AddUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.DeleteUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.EmployeeUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Admin.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.PricesUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ShowUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.User.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Music\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_System\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Forms.takeover.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe.config
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.exe
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\Parking_System.pdb
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Forms.takeover.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.AddUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.DeleteUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.EmployeeUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Admin.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.PricesUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ShowUC.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.User.resources
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Dzeki\Desktop\Parking_Systemm\Parking_System\obj\Debug\Parking_System.ChangePassword.resources
